What You'll Do & Learn (Responsibilities):

Design data solutions to meet business, technical and user requirements. This includes uilding REST APIs that meet the functional/non-functional business requirements and meets the standards.
Designing of DB schema for Vector Database and writing efficient and scalable queries.
Meet the highest quality standards in code. And evangelise code quality among the team.
Create quick POCs to demonstrate and showcase the technology capabilities in solving the business need.
Building robust build and deployment pipelines using Azure DevOPs tools. Working with DevOps engineers to make sure continuous integration and continuous deployment.
Understanding the cyber security threats and provide solutions to mitigate the security risks.
Trouble shooting and debugging skills to quickly identify the root causes and address the issues with both tactical and permanent solution.
Work with Data scientists and Data Engineers in understanding the end to end design of the enterprise systems. Contribute in technical discussion in providing best software solution. 
Make the application scale to the demand. Help devops engineers in configuring and deploying in a secured and highly scalable cloud environment.
Improve the Coding standards and DevOps maturity by constantly adopting the best standards.
Maintain unit testing, integrated testing and automated test environments for quicker delivery.
Deliver on time with high quality.
Maintain technical documentation of the solution, which presents the design to various stakeholders.


What We're Looking For (Experience and Qualifications):

Bachelor’s degree in computer science, AI or related fields.
Upto 1 year of experience in AI/ML space.
Good knowledge of python.
Some exposure to python libraries like Tensorflow, pyTorch, OpenCV, Pillow,scikit-image.
Familiarity with concepts of Deep Learning, Gen AI and Computer Vision.
Good knowledge of SQL.


Required Skills and Competencies:

Strong problem-solving ability and eagerness to learn.
Flexibility and adaptability, ability to work in ambiguous situations, and also evolve as a great team-player.
Ability to adapt and work in a dynamic environment.
Good communication skills and ability to work collaboratively within a team.